Oh, you boy, okay?
Don't sleep at night
Follow the beautiful woman's butt and watch
Are you illegitimate?
Can I tear you apart?
You open your dog eyes and take a good look
Ah ok ok
You, you, why did you find me again?
I don't want to either.
You are like this
You carried this to me with me
Do I go to yours?
It's your own fault, you can live by yourself, I won't go
Don't Master Soju is just roast chicken
I want to see the little yellow croaker
You've thought about it, no one's here this time
Oh, I'm not up to expectations.
Hey, okay, okay
Just this once, not next time
Hey, how many steps did I just count?
Looks like 250 pairs
That's 258258.
Don't fool me
That's wrong, we're both fighting
No, I can't fool anyone, can I fool you?
Hey, go, go, go, go
897898899900 two is a problem
Do you know which way is southeast?
You don't even know the southeast direction
You also call yourself Mr. Little Yin Yang
Shame on you.